# VXR-3
## This is a Virtual Reality environment created for the Oculus Quest 2 for a VXR Development class at MSU.
### Environment Description:
The walls around you feel cold to the touch. Metal and brick surround you, and everything your eyes can see is monitored by government personnel. Scientists walk around you, reading monitors and taking samples in their government-issued protective suits. They all seem to be too busy to notice your condition. It's getting hard to breathe. It's getting hard to survive. The bright lights burn your skin, and make it impossible to sleep. You will not make it much longer in this laboratory prison. You need to find a way out. Suddenly, a small cube drops into your chamber. Just another test the humans plan on running, but maybe it could be a means of escape. Will you face the full power of the government lab? Will you break free? <br>
### Type of controls:
The environment utilizes the Quest 2/3 built-in hand-tracking functions to simulate your hands in the virtual world. By holding out your right hand in a gun-like fashion (Right pointer out thumb up) you will aim a "blaster" and by doing the same with your left hand, you will fire out an orb that damages breakable objects in the environment. By using your left hand in a "peace sign" you will show a beam where you can teleport from the back of your right hand. By doing the same symbol on your right hand, you will be teleported to the location of the beam at a short radius. Lastly, by picking up certain objects in the environment such as the cube in your room, by using your other hand you can pinch and pull the size of the object to grow or shrink it.
### Goal of the game:
You have been trapped in a facility and must escape. However, the organization that contained you knows how much of a threat you could potentially be to their plans. By breaching your containment, you will begin a timer that leads to the activation of a nuclear device thus destroying both you and all evidence of their site. You must escape the facility by breaching the weak points of the building while avoiding fleeing scientists and locating your ship.
### Developer Roles:
Caden Thompson - Created the hand tracking features as well as the teleportation, "blaster," and the size scaling for objects.<br>
Colin Klein - Created and designed the level and environment as well as assisted with some of the scripting.<br>
Hunter Pope - Created much of the alarm sequence and breakable object scripting as well as the testing and placing behind each.<br>
